= NHK Scraper

A little script that downloads the {NHK 高校講座}[http://www.nhk.or.jp/kokokoza/] video lectures.
Once they are downloaded, it re-encodes them in a more convenient format.


== Requirements

* ActiveRecord
* Sqlite
* Nokogiri
* Debugger

== Installation

Install Bundler:
 gem install bundler

Bundle it:
 bundle

Thats it!

== Usage
Just run the script:
 ./nhk_scraper.rb

== How it works

=== Scraping with Nokogiri
The first task is to collect the URLs of all of the videos that we would
like to download. This script uses Nokogiri to parse the index page for
all the videos, get links to each show (and season) and then finally
follows those links to get the URL to each episode. These URLs are then
entered in to a sqlite database.

=== Downloading Videos
Next, the script uses VLC to download the video files. VLC needs to be
used since the actual video content is served via Windows Media server,
which doesn't allow a direct download. This step uses the database to
determine which files haven't yet been downloaded, and only attempts to
download the ones that are missing.

=== Converting the Videos
Once the videos are done downloading, they are run through Handbrake's
CLI which converts them in to a more convenient format suitable for
playback on iDevices or a PS3.

=== Thread pool
Both of the above tasks happen within a very simple thread pool. (which I
found at # http://burgestrand.se/code/ruby-thread-pool/) This allows
multiple instances of VLC or Handbrake to do their magic concurrently.

=== License
This is public domain, do whatever you want with it.
